feat: support metrics for otelmux (#6648)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Add support for configuring `ClientCertificate` and `ClientKey` field for OTLP exporters in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/config`. (#6378)
- Add `WithAttributeBuilder`, `AttributeBuilder`, `DefaultAttributeBuilder`, `DynamoDBAttributeBuilder`, `SNSAttributeBuilder` to support adding attributes based on SDK input and output in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws`. (#6543)
- Support for the OTEL_HTTP_CLIENT_COMPATIBILITY_MODE=http/dup environment variable in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gorilla/mux/otelmux` to emit attributes for both the v1.20.0 and v1.26.0 semantic conventions. (#6652)

> - Add metrics support in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gorilla/mux/otelmux`. (#6648)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `WithMeterProvider` option to allow passing a custom meter provider to `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gorilla/mux/otelmux`. (#6648)
- Added the `WithMetricAttributesFn` option to allow setting dynamic, per-request metric attributes in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gorilla/mux/otelmux`. (#6648)
- Added metrics support, and emit all stable metrics from the [Semantic Conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/main/docs/http/http-metrics.md) in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gorilla/mux/otelmux`. (#6648)
```
